you are in power you are in power to say
goodbye you are in power to leave that
situation do you want to feel resentful
and bitter in your 50s 60s or 70s
thinking you were not able to live the
life you want it because of that thing
that happened to you no you don't that's
why you are here watching this video
today you are not a victim because we
are not doing this victim thing
here Detachment is probably one or is
probably the most powerful tool you can
Implement in your life and in this video
I'm going to explain to you
simplified why Detachment is so powerful
and how to go from attached to detached
and finally be able to step into your
unbothered queen
era I want to start this video off with
a short story that I have read somewhere
the last days and I thought it's kind of
inspiring and it gives so much insights
so I'm going to pull up this story and
going to read it for you and in a quiet
town there lived a skill Potter known
for creating Exquisite vases and one day
as the Potter worked on a delicate was
it slipped from his hands and shuted
into countless pieces upon hitting the
floor devastated by the loss of his
Creation The Potter sat amidst the sh
the shards feeling disheartened a passer
by noticed the broken pieces and asked
the Potter about the unfortunate
incident with a heavy heart the Potter
explained I I've spent days crafting the
way and now it's irreparably broken it's
a complete
loss the passer by observing the
fragments noticed the intricate designs
and beautiful patterns in the shattered
pieces but look the passer by pointed
out each Shard holds its unique beauty
like a mosaque waiting to be formed
intrigued by the perspective that poter
examined the broken pieces inspired he
began arranging them in new ways
embracing the irregularities and
incorporating the fragments into a
mosaic pattern with patience and
creativity the POA pieced together a new
creation a mosaic V unique and
captivating in its
imperfections it exuded a charm that
surpassed that original V's Beauty as
word spread about the Porter's New
Creation people admired the Mosaic ways
for its intricate design and the beauty
born from the broken
shards so the moral of the story is that
the Potter obviously was not able to see
the good in the bad situation that
happened to him because he was so
focused and attached to only one
outcome and this leads me to my first
step here why is Detachment so powerful
being detached to situations material
things outcomes or people or whatever it
is you name it is causing your mind to
get into
a kind of tunnel vision
means when you're attached it always
puts you in a place of heaviness and you
always pay with the price of Freedom
means when you're attached to like this
pot top one outcome you can see the
other outcome that is possible there
this therefore creates suffering because
when you cannot
see the silver line of the bad situation
you are suffering more than necessary so
every situation comes with a silver line
but you need to be able to recognize
that and be open to the new and the
unknown obviously if you are are focused
on one thing you cannot see any other
thing if better or worse you just can't
and let me tell you something I've been
through so many hardships in my life
where I was attached to a job a partner
money that I had the place where I lived
my
apartment
my family whatever it was um I I was
attached to that and if I was not able
in that moment to let that go to be
detached from these things I would not
be able to be where I am today and I
would not be able to get out of these
hardships and I would not be able to see
the possibility which this hardship
brought so in the end every crisis is
also bringing
opportunity and Detachment is definitely
not about not possessing anything or
building anything it's about doing and
having all that what you aspire to have
and to do while being okay to let go of
that at the same time as long as you're
okay with losing it you can still
respect yourself if that that makes
sense because once you feel attached to
something and you don't want to lose it
or let go of it you would or you will do
everything and anything that is possible
to not make that
happen and in that case you will always
put yourself lower than that thing that
situation that person which makes you
act in a pathetic way you are not
valuing
yourself so you are giving yourself away
kind of and if you do everything
possible to keep something in your life
that in the end doesn't serve you in the
first place that's why life wants to
remove it from you then you neglect
yourself if you cannot let go of
something that just doesn't serve you
you're neglecting yourself and your need
you're just ending up suffering and
being resentful towards that person that
job or that
situation the longer you're in the more
resentful you will be it's not coming
out any good and in the end you can be
resentful what you want but you need to
be aware that you are the only person in
power so for example if you're not being
treated the way you want to be treated
in your job if you're not asking for
that race that you want that you feel
like you deserve in that job because you
don't want to lose this job you are
lowering your value it's in your power
to say hey I want a race if that's not
possible I'm going to leave by if your
guy if your partner doesn't treat you
the way you want
and you can decide how you want to be
treated there is no right or wrong if
you're not treated being treated the way
you
want you have to say
goodbye you cannot be scared to lose
something that is not serving you in
your favor you are in power and then you
cannot blame it on this person or this
job for you feeling miserable because at
the end you are in power you are
empowered to say goodbye you are
empowered to leave that situation and
nothing
else because you are not the
victim and I want to go now to the
second point in this video which is how
to go from attached to
detached the only way for you not being
attached to something or somebody is to
to be already everything yourself you
ever
need be your
bestie be your provider be your safe
place be
your everything be your lover be your
everything so there is no need for you
to look for something else to fulfill
you there is no need for this beg there
is no need for this person there is no
need for this friend to make you feel
better to make you feel happy to make
you feel worthy it's no need you are
already whole or you need to be already
whole and this is going to be a process
and it will take some time and effort
depending on where you're standing in
your life right now on your healing
Journey but but it's going to take some
time but another promise I can make once
you start with being clear about what
your needs are and once you start to get
on the journey on how to fulfill these
needs yourself you start to see
immediate changes in your life
immediately I promise because I was
trying it out myself and every time I'm
bouncing back to being attached to
something or every time I'm feeling hey
I'm being attached to something again
and I'm bouncing back to being detached
Everything Changes
immediately so once you're aware of
what's missing in yourself in your life
you start to see the ways out and when
you're falling back into feeling
attached which can
happen you know how to bounce back real
quick and the more you practice this the
quicker you know how to bounce back so
you can only become detached when you
are your own safe space and your own
whole person you don't need anyone to
fulfill
you you are the only person that will
always be there for you and with you and
in all aspects in your life you don't
need anyone to save
you to make you happy or to take care of
you you don't need
anyone and this have to happen not only
consciously but physically do the work
because I tell you I'm pretty sure you
heard all these things but you haven't
implemented them and that's going to
make the
change so this doesn't mean that you
completely remove people out of your
life and you will not be open for a
partner anymore no this just means you
put yourself in alignment with who you
are your vibration is high you treat
yourself with all respect with all
kindness with all love first
so that you can be a whole person and
then attract someone who is also a whole
person and then you can dance together
the whole beautiful life together as two
whole people who are not being attached
or dependent on each other which makes
it always toxic and this is not only in
a relationship this can be friendship
this can be partnership in a business
you should never depend on anyone you
should never be attached to someone or
something as we spoke about it so don't
get me wrong you can still have all
these things and have everything and
everyone in life with you but with you
so they are not owned by you and you are
not owned by them you two can live
separately and when it's convenient you
can be together with every situation
same thing and you might think now M how
can I be whole I thought I am already
whole obviously you
are not whole because you're not living
the life you want you're not having the
relationships you want because again you
wouldn't be here watching this video if
everything would be so perfect and as
long as it's not the
way you want it to
be you're not whole let's go into how to
be
whole first find out what's missing
right now in your life and in yourself
what are the things or people you are
attached to and then ask yourself why
be curious are you attached to your
partner because he takes care of you
financially or your ex partner he took
care of you financially you can also go
through past things but if you're
staying in the present moment best just
ask what's happening right now and why
is it happening right now are you
attached to your job because it makes
you feel
worthy are you attached to your friends
do you only find yourself happy when
you're with these friends make yourself
a list and write down everything that
you're right now being dependent on to
feel or be a certain way and then you
know what you're attached to at the same
time
and when you have that list you can
start your journey you need to be your
own Savior and hero you need to be your
own hero in your life so you can attract
all other circumstances which are just
reflecting your inner world and when
something is coming from your inner
World it automatically comes from
outside and it's just multiplying these
Sensations these positive Sensations
that you have already inside now you
probably have a lot of negative
Sensations inside when you are
attracting negative situations in your
life outside
and yes even when you have everything or
a lot of things healed and when you're
positive from inside there still will be
heartbreaks there still will be setbacks
there will be losses and tears that's
just life with ups and downs but you
always got yourself so it's not that
hard anymore you can still take yourself
out for dinner take a refreshing walk
watch a movie by yourself get ready just
for
yourself learn some new skills to create
the income and the life you
want as long as you have yourself and
you know that and you are everything you
ever
need whatever happens into your life you
can deal with it easily because you're
in a mindset of there is always a silver
lining there is always something good in
every bad situation and you are just
still being okay in a mood of hey yeah I
lost something but I'm good because I
have myself and I can give myself
everything so do everything possible to
reach to a point where you can be by
yourself for months without relying on
anyone for anything emotionally
materialistically whatever it is try to
be by yourself as long as you can and be
comfortable with while doing that and
that's going to change your life again
once you understand that you are the
most important person in your life there
is never ever coming anything higher or
more important than
you whatever happens into your life
cannot be that bad because you still
have yourself like you cannot remove
yourself from yourself that's the
beautiful thing it's one thing the only
constant in life is actually change but
you know what's also constant that you
have yourself that's something that will
never be different you will always have
yourself so have your back girl because
only you can have your back I hope you
like this video subscribe down below
check out my channel for more and see
you in my next one love you
oh